About


I'm serious as a heart attack

Normally, both your asses would be dead as fucking fried chicken, but you
happen to pull this shit while I'm in a transitional period so I don't
wanna kill you, I wanna help you. But I can't give you this case, it don't
belong to me. Besides, I've already been through too much shit this morning
over this case to hand it over to your dumb ass.

We happy?

Look, just because I don't be givin' no man a foot massage don't make it
right for Marsellus to throw Antwone into a glass motherfuckin' house,
fuckin' up the way the nigger talks. Motherfucker do that shit to me, he
better paralyze my ass, 'cause I'll kill the motherfucker, know what I'm
sayin'?



Projects


I can do that

You think water moves fast? You should see ice. It moves like it has a mind.
Like it knows it killed the world once and got a taste for murder. After the
avalanche, it took us a week to climb out. Now, I don't know exactly when we
turned on each other, but I know that seven of us survived the slide... and
only five made it out. Now we took an oath, that I'm breaking now. We said
we'd say it was the snow that killed the other two, but it wasn't. Nature is
lethal but it doesn't hold a candle to man.

Uuummmm, this is a tasty burger!

Normally, both your asses would be dead as fucking fried chicken, but you happen
to pull this shit while I'm in a transitional period so I don't wanna kill you,
I wanna help you. But I can't give you this case, it don't belong to me. Besides,
I've already been through too much shit this morning over this case to hand it
over to your dumb ass. 



Press


Are you ready for the truth?

Normally, both your asses would be dead as fucking fried chicken, but you
happen to pull this shit while I'm in a transitional period so I don't wanna
kill you, I wanna help you. But I can't give you this case, it don't belong
to me. Besides, I've already been through too much shit this morning over this
case to hand it over to your dumb ass.

I gotta piss

Well, the way they make shows is, they make one show. That show's called a pilot.
Then they show that show to the people who make shows, and on the strength of that
one show they decide if they're going to make more shows. Some pilots get picked
and become television programs. Some don't, become nothing. She starred in one of
the ones that became nothing.

Is she dead, yes or no?

Look, just because I don't be givin' no man a foot massage don't make it right for
Marsellus to throw Antwone into a glass motherfuckin' house, fuckin' up the way the
nigger talks. Motherfucker do that shit to me, he better paralyze my ass, 'cause I'll
kill the motherfucker, know what I'm sayin'?
